Hurt.
Ben doesn't want to hurt his back.
Last week, he hurt at lifting boxes, he
hurt at lifting.
He hurt it a few more times.
Lead.
lead.
She led them to victory last year.
She's led them to many wins since.
Lend Lent Lent
Jane likes to lend her books.
Last time, she lent one to her friend.
She's lent many books since then.
Ride Road Ridden
Tim tries to ride his bike daily.
Yesterday, he rode it for two hours.
He's ridden it all week.
Rise Rose
Risen
John loves to rise early.
Yesterday, he rose at 6 a .m.
He's risen early every day since.
Shoot Shot Shot
Max wants to shoot a basketball.
He shot one from half court.
He shot hoops all afternoon.
Sink Sink Sunk Tom doesn't want to sink
his boat.
Last year, it sank during a storm.
He's sunk three boats since then.
Tore Tore Torn
Sarah tries not to tear paper.
Yesterday, she tore a page by mistake.
She's torn many papers before.
Throw Threw Throne
Jack loves to throw baseballs.
Yesterday, he threw one into the stands.
He's thrown them farther every time.
Wear Wore Worn Lili Lily likes to wear hats.
Yesterday, she wore a bright one.
She's worn a new one every day this week.
Threw It's This You